Update hcl2 Readme (#18217)
pulumi/pulumi: pkg/codegen/hcl2/README.md

object consisting of its output properties.

This package's types mirror (and typically wrap) the types of the AST, adding

> semantic information such as [datatypes](pcl-type-system) and resolved

Author: Trying to make the distinction between Go types and the PCL type system types, not sure what the best approach is.

> semantic information such as [datatypes](pcl-type-system) and resolved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
semantic information such as [data types](pcl-type-system) and resolved
```

references. So for instance, a `model.LiteralValueExpression`, which corresponds

> to a literalvalue such as the string `"foo"` or the number `42`, contains:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to a literal value such as the string `"foo"` or the number `42`, contains:
```

Author: oops, must be from manually rewrapping the code in the GH web editor ;D

* a reference to the `hclsyntax.LiteralValueExpr` underpinning it in the syntax
  tree;
* an evaluated `cty.Value` representing the value of the literal; and
* a `model.Type` representing the datatype of the literal.

> The [cty package](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/zclconf/go-cty/cty) is used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`cty` package](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/zclconf/go-cty/cty) is used to
```
